259 add detailed documentation for refresh deviceconfiguration (#374)
fiskaltrust/interface-doc: doc/instore-app/available-settings/settings.md

### End App
Closes the app gracefully and persists configuration changes.  
*Note:* Closing during an active process (e.g., printing) may interrupt that process, finish ongoing tasks first.

### Terminal ID Filter
Filters receipts and data for a specific terminal within the CashBox.  
For advanced multi-terminal options, see [Multiterminal Settings](https://docs.fiskaltrust.eu/docs/poscreators/middleware-doc/instore-app/multiterminal-settings)

### Operation Mode
Defines which features are available in the UI. Some options and sections appear or hide based on this selection:

- **Consumer** – Customer-facing (receipt display/printing). Allows changing **Print Delay**, which is not available in Merchant mode.
- **Merchant** – Merchant/admin. Cannot change Print Delay, but offers extra gestures:  
  - Pull **down** on the QR code screen to show the receipt.  
  - Pull **up** to reveal action buttons.

### Use local configuration

If enabled, local device settings override the backend configuration.

If disabled, the app follows centrally managed (backend) settings.

:::info Note

> Currently, this setting can only be configured by internal staff via the backend. Customers do not yet have the ability to change this setting themselves.

Reviewer: I think this is wrong. Customers can currently not modify the backend based configuration themselves but they of course can configure the "Use local configuration" switch.
```suggestion
Currently, only internal fiskaltrust staff is able to modify the backend based configuration. Customers do not yet have the ability to configure those. Therefore this switch should stay disabled unless told by fiskaltrust otherwise.
```
